# Serverless Decision Log MCP Server

The *Serverless Decision Log MCP Server* illustrates how you could implement, test and run an MCP server in a truly serverless fashion. This application has been built and hosted using:

- [wasmcp](https://github.com/wasmcp/wasmcp)
- [Spin](https://spinframework.dev)
- [Akamai Functions](https://www.akamai.com/products/akamai-functions)

## Decision Log MCP Server

The main purpose of the MCP server is to track and provide decisions made as part of a software engineering project.

Project members can interact with the MCP server through popular clients like [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) or other editors/IDEs.

## Prerequisites

To compile, test and deploy the *Decision Log MCP Server*, you must have the following tools installed on your machine:

- The `spin` CLI
- Rust along with the targets `wasm32-wasip1` and `wasm32-wasip2`
- The `wasmcp` CLI

## Compiling and Testing the MCP Server on your local machine

Use the following commands, to compile and run the *Decision Log MCP Server* on your local machine:

```bash
# Compiling the application
spin build

# Running the MCP server on your local machine
spin up
```

### Adding the MCP Server to Visual Studio Code

From the command palette chose the `MCP: Add Server...` command and specify the following parameters:

| Parameter | Value | Description |
|-----------|-------|-------------|
| Type | `HTTP` | Type of our MCP Server |
| URL | `http://localhost:3000` | URL of our MCP Server |
| Name | `decision-log-mcp-server` | Name of our MCP Server |
| Configuration Target | `workspace` | Configure the MCP Server for the current VS Code workspace |

## Deploying to Akamai Functions

The *Decision Log MCP Server* is deployed to *Akamai Functions* through the Spin CLI. You must have the `aka` plugin for Spin CLI installed on your machine. If you haven't installed the plugin yet, use the following command to install it:

```bash
# Install the aka plugin for Spin CLI
spin plugins install aka
```

With the `aka` plugin for Spin CLI installed on your machine, you must authorize it for interacting with *Akamai Functions* on your behalf:

```bash
# Authorize Spin CLI for interacting with Akamai Functions on your behalf
spin aka login
```

Once you've authorized the Spin CLI to interact with your Akamai Functions account, you can deploy the application using the `spin aka deploy` command:

```bash
# Deploy the MCP Server to Akamai Functions
spin aka deploy
```

*Follow the instructions and confirm the deployment. Deploying an application to Akamai Functions takes roughly 45 seconds. During that time, your application will be deployed to all service regions across the globe. A generic subdomain will be registered and assigned to your application as well.*

Once deployment has finished, you can update the MCP Server configuration in your client (e.g., Visual Studio Code) and point to the URL generated by Akamai Functions as part of the deployment.
